Oh hey they're in this section we're going to continue our talk of performance.
A very fun topic.
We're going to learn about the last two pieces of the front dam puzzle and the ones I really find fun.
We're going to talk about optimizing code by writing efficient functions using react wisely and even
get into some code splitting.
It's going to be fun because we're going to talk about the big picture or the way you should think about
your code in order to be as efficient as possible.
And this is something a lot of developers overlook because they just focus on getting the program to
work.
Finally we're going to talk about progressive webapps a recent idea of trying to make our web applications
as close to native mobile apps as possible with increased mobile usage around the world and especially
for parts of the world that don't have the best internet connections.
We want a way for our web apps to work fast but also possibly work offline and maybe even have our web
app on the Google Play store or the Apple App Store.
Remember as senior developers our goal is not just to come up with whatever we can to solve a problem
and just write code.
Our job is to think critically about how our programs work.
What solution is best and what will have the longest lasting value.
I mean we want to be senior developers after all so enough talk let's get into this section by starting
off with our very first topic optimizing code.
I'll see in the next one by.